= The ietf_interfaces component.

The 'ietf_interfaces' component provides support for the IETF standard
 "RFC 8343: A YANG Data Model for Interface Management"
(http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8343)

This module provides the low-level interface management, in practice
extensions are needed, such as the 'ietf_ip' module which provides
management of IPv4 and IPv6 addresses on the interface. For this
reason the module has been written to be easy to extend, see the
developer hints section for more information on how to extend the
module.

It implements the yang model taken from:
https://github.com/YangModels/yang/blob/master/standard/ietf/RFC

In particular the yang file is from:
https://github.com/YangModels/yang/blob/master/standard/ietf/RFC/\
ietf-interfaces@2018-02-20.yang

The module also uses the iana-if-type YANG module from:
https://github.com/YangModels/yang/blob/master/standard/ietf/RFC/\
iana-if-type@2017-01-19.yang

Requirements
------------

This should work on any "standard Linux" system, but has been tested
on Debian GNU/Linux 11 (bullseye).

Specific requirements:

- The `ip` command has to be available.
- The dynip part uses the `netlink` interface to the kernel.

Installation
------------

No specific installation required, but no other system should be
managing the interfaces at the same time or the interference may give
unexpected results.

Configuration notes
-------------------

Generic::

The commands and constants used are defined at the beginning of each
c-file, there you can also find the appropriate flags to change the
commands at compile-time.

Operational data::

Operational data is synchronized with that from the IF-MIB by relying
on functions from the 'ifmib' module for gathering counters.

Developer hints
---------------

dyn_iface
~~~~~~~~~

The helper module `dyn_iface` contains a handler for the interfaces on
the node, allowing the interface module (or any extensions of it!) to
subscribe to state changes.

Layered interfaces
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default no layered interfaces exist since they are dependent on
specific interface types.

If support for a layered interface is added, the operational data in
`ietf-interfaces/interfaces-state/` has to be extended.

Interface types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add support for specific if-types recommended to extend interfaces
with a simple API for over-riding parts of the handling for specific
if-types.

ietf_interfaces_api.h
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To enable extensions to the 'ietf_interfaces' module we provide
`_ietf_interfaces_api.h`, this allows an extension to register
handlers for sub-trees of the `/ietf-interfaces/interfaces` tree, and
when the state of an interfaces changes - either because a top-level
change to enable/disable or because the interface has just been
created in the system.

The advantages of this is that the extension can be sure that it has
always received a notification of state change of an interface before
the iterator handler is called.

NOTE: This mechanism is preliminary and might be refactored in later
releases.
